Zero Install is a decentralised cross-distribution software installation system
available under the LGPL. It allows software developers to publish programs
directly from their own web-sites, while supporting features familiar from
centralised distribution repositories such as shared libraries, automatic
updates and digital signatures. It is intended to complement, rather than
replace, the operating system's package management. 0install packages never
interfere with those provided by the distribution.

0install does not define a new packaging format; unmodified tarballs or zip
archives can be used. Instead, it defines an XML metadata format to describe
these packages and the dependencies between them. A single metadata file can be
used on multiple platforms (e.g. Ubuntu, Debian, Fedora, openSUSE, Mac OS X and
Windows), assuming binary or source archives are available that work on those
systems.

0install also has some interesting features not often found in traditional
package managers. For example, while it will share libraries whenever possible,
it can always install multiple versions of a package in parallel when there are
conflicting requirements. Installation is always side-effect-free (each package
is unpacked to its own directory and will not touch shared directories such as
/usr/bin), making it ideal for use with sandboxing technologies and
virtualisation.

The XML file describing the program's requirements can also be included in a
source-code repository, allowing full dependency handling for unreleased
developer versions. For example, a user can clone a Git repository and build
and test the program, automatically downloading newer versions of libraries
where necessary, without interfering with the versions of those libraries
installed by their distribution, which continue to be used for other software.

See [the 0install.net web-site](http://0install.net/) for full details.
