export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
ac_add_options --with-distribution-id=SliTaz

mk_add_options MOZ_CO_PROJECT=browser
mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="-j4"

ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
ac_add_options --enable-application=browser
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-mochitests
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-pulseaudio
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --enable-shared-js
ac_add_options --enable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --enable-jemalloc-lib
ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer=0.10
ac_add_options --enable-optimize="-mtune=i686"
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --x-libraries=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --silent

ac_add_options --disable-b2g-bt
ac_add_options --disable-b2g-camera
ac_add_options --disable-b2g-ril
ac_add_options --disable-accessibility
ac_add_options --disable-codesighs
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-gamepad
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-logging
ac_add_options --disable-mobile-optimize
ac_add_options --disable-metro
ac_add_options --disable-maintenance-service
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-parental-controls
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-webrtc
ac_add_options --disable-websms-backend
ac_add_options --disable-windows-mobile-components
ac_add_options --disable-valgrind

ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

