AstroMenace v1.3.2

AstroMenace is a brilliant 3d scroll-shooter allowing you to feel the adrenalin
rush of a fierce space battle against relentless swarms of alien invaders.
Immerse into a decisive battle against tons of cunning foes, face the terrifying
bosses and protect your homeland throughout 15 diverse levels of the game. The
hardcore gameplay of AstroMenace, packed with pure non-stop action, will become
a full scale test for your basic instinct of survival.

AstroMenace shines with stunning special effects which in combination with superb
3d graphics guarantee that the game will feast the eyes of even most experienced
arcade players. The quality of visuals ensures that the demonstration of your
superior power and new weaponry will look really impressive and awesome, so the
destruction of foes is a truly amazing sight.

The game provides a wide variety of armaments and weapon upgrades for discharging
the retributive wrath upon the hordes of enemies, besides it has a great number
of improvements for enhancing the defensive abilities of your spaceship. Collect
money during the combat and invest them into turning your spaceship into an
ultimate weapon of mass destruction.

AstroMenace offers a variety to the gameplay by providing it with two different
control styles, simulator and arcade. It's up to you to decide, whether to
concentrate on inflicting damage and make total carnage or involve some skillful
maneuvering to the flight. Along with different navigation systems there are 22
playable ships each with its own specific characteristics.

What's more AstroMenace comes with a convenient system of pilot profiles that
redeems from a save\load routine and a handy interface creating auspicious gaming
conditions. Also it has rich difficulty options where you can precisely define
the game complexity. If you'd like to become a legendary Galaxy liberator and an
honored space fighter, then get AstroMenace and prove to these arrogant aliens
that humans are of higher evolutionary grade.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

- Pentium 1+ GHz 128 MB RAM.
- 3D video accelerator with 32+ MB on board.

http://viewizard.com/
